## Easier to build

OpenDNP3 was refactored to create a single library that is easy to build and to
use. Simply link with `opendnp3` and you are good to go. 

The CMake was completely refactored to modern practices and no longer affects
global flags. Therefore, it is possible to include OpenDNP3 as a submodule in
your CMake project and simply `add_subdirectory` to include it to your
compilation process.

Private dependencies needed to build the library are now automatically fetched
by CMake. No more submodule to sync or dependencies out of sync. The only
dependency that still needs to be installed on the build system is OpenSSL if
TLS support is required.

## Intuitive API

The outstation database was refactored to simplify its usage. The points are now
described using a map instead of an array of indices. It is no longer required
to have them in a particular order since the map will automatically order them.
It is also no longer required to specify if points are in order or not.

To ease the common usage of updating points when receiving a command, an
`IUpdateBuilder` is now provided in every callback of `ICommandHandler`. Also,
`begin` and `end` callbacks were added to help determine which commands are
grouped together in a single APDU.

On the master side, the `ISOEHandler` was updated to include `begin_fragment`
and `end_fragment` callbacks. Each of these callbacks receive a `ResponseInfo`
to help determine if it's a multi-fragment response or an unsolicited response.
To help distinguish which request generated which response, it is now possible
to provide a distinct `SOEHandler` on each request.

To help users reading configuration parameters from files, all the public
enumerations used by the library exposes a `to_string` and a `from_string`
method. It also exposes a `to_type` and `from_type` to convert to the underlying
integer value.

Control Relay Output Block was refactored to expose every field individually
instead of providing a gigantic enum with all the possible (and sometimes
impossible) values.

## Full conformance

OpenDNP3 is now fully compliant with DNP3 Subset Level 2. It includes the
following features that were previously missing:

- Immediate Freeze (0x07), Immediate Freeze No Ack (0x08), Freeze-and-Clear
  (0x09) and Freeze-and-Clear No Ack (0x10) support
- Broadcast support
- UDP support
- Unsolicited retry count
- Timestamp quality (for proper CTO variation)

Conformance testing is automatically performed on every commit and detailed
reports are [publicly available](https://dnp3.github.io/conformance/report.html).

## Better testing

An extensive continuous integration setup was setup to make sure that the
library is always in great shape and that no regression are introduced. You can
see the integration pipeline being executed
[here](https://github.com/dnp3/opendnp3/actions). Also, each commit will have a
✔ that you can click to see the results.

The CI pipeline also produces ready-to-use packages for each platform. It also
produces NuGet packages of the C# bindings and Maven packages of the Java
bindings that can be used as is. Finally, conformance results including packet
captures are also made available.

More extensive integration testing were written for the 3.0 release to ensure
the library always behave as expected. Some of these integration tests were
written using the Java bindings and are also executed by the CI pipeline.

Full conformance testing using the latest test procedure developed by the DNP
Users Group are executed on every commit. For information about the product used
for automatic conformance testing and you can use it to assess the conformity of
your devices, contact [Automatak](https://www.automatak.com/).

## Other changes

Sending confirmed data-link frames is not supported anymore. This feature has
caused many issues and is poorly specified in the spec as well. It is not
required for conformance and should never be used in the real world. Please note
that the library still supports receiving confirmed data-link frames and will
confirm them, maintaining full interoperability with all conforming equipments.

The ASIO dependency was updated to
[v1.16](https://github.com/chriskohlhoff/asio/releases/tag/asio-1-16-0).
